age-inspect: add page; age, age-keygen: update page (#22322)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/age-inspect.md

# age-inspect

> Inspect `age` encrypted files.
> See also: `age`, `age-keygen`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/age-inspect>.

> - Inspect an age encrypted file and print the output to `stdout`:

Reviewer: Let's clarify what "inspect" actually means.
https://manned.org/age-inspect
> This includes the recipient types, whether it uses post-quantum
       encryption, and a size breakdown of the file components.
```suggestion
- Print the recipient type, the file size, and whether it uses post-quantum encryption:
```

`age-inspect {{path/to/file}}`

> - Inspect an age encrypted file and print the json output to `stdout`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the output to `stdout` as JSON:
```
